Overview
The Game Directory Manager script is a Python tool designed to automate the process of managing, compiling, and executing Go-based games stored in specific directories. This script searches for game directories, compiles the Go code files, and runs the games, while also generating metadata in the form of a JSON file. The script allows users to quickly and efficiently handle multiple games from a large directory.

Features
Game Discovery: Automatically searches for directories containing the word "game."
Directory Organization: Moves and renames game directories into a centralized /games directory.
Go Compilation: Compiles Go source files (.go) for each game found in the directories.
Execution: Runs the compiled Go games and logs the results.
Metadata Generation: Creates a metadata.json file that contains details about the games, such as the number of games and their names.

Assumptions
The data directory contains various files and subdirectories.
Game directories are identified by the word "game" in their names.
Each game directory contains a single .go file that must be compiled and run.
A new games directory will be created to store the renamed games without the "game" suffix.

Project Workflow
Find all Game Directories: The script scans the /data directory for directories that contain the word "game."

Create a /games Directory: A new /games directory is created to store the renamed and copied game directories.

Move & Rename Game Directories: All game directories are copied into the /games directory, with the word "game" removed from their names.

Generate JSON Metadata: The script generates a metadata.json file that provides information about the games, such as their names and the total number of games.

Compile the Go Game Code: Each game directory contains a .go file, which is compiled using the Go compiler.

Run the Compiled Games: After compilation, the script runs the games and logs the compilation result.

Requirements
To run this project, you’ll need:

Python 3.x
Go Compiler (go command available in your system's PATH)
Basic knowledge of running Python scripts

Usage
1. Install Required Packages
Make sure you have the necessary tools installed:
Python 3.x
Go Compiler

2. Run the Script
To run the script, use the following command in your terminal or command prompt:
python3 get_game_data.py <source_directory> <target_directory>

For example:
python3 get_game_data.py data games
This will search for all game directories in the /data directory, copy and rename them into the /games directory, compile the .go files, run them, and generate a metadata.json file in the /games directory.

3. Output
The compiled games will be stored in the /games directory.
The metadata.json file will contain information about the processed games.
The output of the compilation and execution will be printed to the console.
